1. 20/02 19:00 : Did set up Env. Started builing FastAPI interface. Thinking about Project architecture, which enables me to change different parts of the program and test them easily.

2. 20/02 21:00 : Built architecture of project, trying to follow SOLID principles to simplify my future work. after that, I will try different search engine methodologies and choose the best.

3. 21/02 18:00 : After learning Vector Search, add VectorSearchEngine. It uses pretrained all-MiniLM-L6-v2 model to transform text into embedings and search similar texts using similarity scores between vectors. Confused about: In what format should I pass user input to the model to generate embedings. currently I am encoding products in this format: f"{p.name} {p.description} {p.brand}"

4. 21/02 20:00:  add Exact search API. filter by name, price, description. add sqllite db, instead of inmemory db. Comfused About:
    Vector search model I implemented, underlines semantics like material and type of product more, and has payed negligible attention to semantics like country it was produced in.

5. 22/02 19:00 : Did fuzzy search, after learning this search algorythm. Also added mixture of different types of fuzzy search algorythms. Thinking about implementing asembly algorythm of fuzzy and vector searches. 


6. 22/02 20:00 : Changed input format, how vector search creates embedings. While Analizing products data. Model remembers dict of fields, each field is duplicated according to field's importance.

7. 23/02 18:00 : Implemented assembly algorythm of fuzzy and vector searches. It takes intersection of results of both search algorythms, and if intersection is too small, it fills it with results of one of the algorythms. I am not sure which one is better to fill the results with, so I will try both and compare them.
                 Confused about: Often Intersection of results of vector and fuzzy searches is very small, which means that these algorythms are paying attention to different semantics. So, I am going to try other implementation:
                 I am goint to implement hybrid search in a style of chain of responsibility pattern. I will first do vector search on 3*demaned_count, after that I will run fuzzy search on returned results of previous search algorythm.
                 In this way, I think I will take advantages of both algorythms.
            
8. 23/02 20:00 : Implemented hybrid search in a style of chain of responsibility pattern. It first does vector search on 3*demaned_count, after that it runs fuzzy search on returned results of previous search algorythm.